# Website for a Barber Shop

> Status: Concluded

In this project I created a website for a barbershop where I built its main page, its contact page and its products page, always associating the construction of the ".html" files with the ".css" styling file.
- To create the pages I structured my code with the tag "DOCTYPE", "html", and with a "head" and a "body" defining the information tags and the content tags. I also worked with lists, as well as handling inline, block, and inline-block elements to break up my content effectively. I passed the encoding information of the pages to the browser, created the title of the pages, imported external css files to help me with part of the styling, added images to the pages, used ordered and unordered lists, used effective classes in my file ".css" to mark items that were repeated, I created good content divisions with the "div" tag and formatted a header for the pages. Additionally, I placed a form on the contact page to receive and handle user input. I used the "alt" attribute to describe the images, performed transitions and transformations with elements, and created an html table and styled this table. I also floated some elements, as well as embedding the map and video on the main page. I used external fonts, used pseudo-classes and pseudo-elements, applied a gradient background on the pages, worked with advanced selectors, put opacity on the colors and shading on the elements, among other things.
- I adjusted the style of the page according to the screen size of the device that accesses it with the "viewport" meta tag and with media queries.
